Rewrite the 'PivotGrid - Layout Customization' demo description (#1205)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/LayoutCustomization/description.md

> PivotGrid allows you to customize layout and orientation of elements that annotate data. These elements are called [headers](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers). They can be of one of the following types: row, column, or data. You can also specify display settings for row and column totals. Use the following properties to configure these elements: 

Reviewer: I think we can just go with the following:

```suggestion
PivotGrid allows you to customize its layout. This demo illustrates the following properties:
```

- [rowHeaderLayout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#rowHeaderLayout)            

> Allows you to specify layout type for the row header items. The *"standard"* layout displays child items on the right from the parent items. Assign "*tree*" to this property to display items more compactly as a hierarchical structure. 

Reviewer 2: - "on the right from" - [68 600 000 results](https://www.google.ru/search?q=%22on+the+right+from%22&newwindow=1&bih=927&biw=1920&hl=ru&sxsrf=AOaemvIN8JB9J0uR6Pfich3INvEtRruglg%3A1631882948907&ei=xI5EYZXZNv6SwPAPsKev4Ao&oq=%22on+the+right+from%22&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAM6BwgjELADECc6BwgAEEcQsAM6BwgjEOoCECc6BAgjECc6CwgAEIAEELEDEIMBOggIABCABBCxAzoOCC4QgAQQsQMQxwEQowI6EQguEIAEELEDEIMBEMcBENEDOgsILhCABBDHARCjAjoRCC4QgAQQsQMQxwEQowIQkwI6BQgAEIAEOggIABCxAxCDAToFCC4QgAQ6CAguEIAEELEDOgsILhCABBCxAxCTAjoICC4QgAQQkwI6BQgAEMsBOgUILhDLAToECAAQQzoHCAAQsQMQQzoOCC4QgAQQsQMQxwEQ0QM6EAguEIAEEIcCELEDEIMBEBQ6CggAEIAEEEYQ_wE6BggAEBYQHjoICAAQFhAKEB5KBAhBGABQkcYOWKaRD2DymQ9oEnACeACAAa0BiAGqGpIBBTI0LjExmAEAoAEBsAEKyAEJwAEB&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=0ahUKEwiVy-_bhYbzAhV-CRAIHbDTC6wQ4dUDCA0&uact=5)
- "to the right of" - [246 000 000 results](https://www.google.ru/search?q=%22to+the+right+of%22&newwindow=1&bih=927&biw=1920&hl=ru&sxsrf=AOaemvICrnR824G3GYl7l2_xitB_z9Saww%3A1631883198805&ei=vo9EYbXMMKWEwPAP9KScgAY&oq=%22to+the+right+of%22&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAMyBggAEAcQHjIFCAAQywEyBQgAEMsBMgUIABDLATIFCAAQywEyBQgAEMsBMgUIABDLATIFCAAQywEyBQgAEMsBMgUIABDLAToJCAAQsAMQBxAeOgkIABCwAxAIEB46BAgAEEM6BAguEEM6CwgAEIAEELEDEIMBOggILhCABBCxAzoFCAAQgAQ6BQguEIAEOggIABAHEAoQHjoHCC4QQxCTAjoFCC4QywFKBAhBGAFQ35gGWNikBmDsswZoAXAAeACAAZcBiAH_DJIBBDMuMTKYAQCgAQHIAQLAAQE&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=0ahUKEwi1o4TThobzAhUlAhAIHXQSB2AQ4dUDCA0&uact=5)

The second variant is overwhelmingly more popular. I would have used it instead.

Note that you specify the one layout type for [all] header items in general.
```suggestion
Allows you to specify the layout type for row header items. The *"standard"* layout displays child items to the right of the parent items. Assign "*tree*" to this property to display items more densely as a hierarchical structure. 
```

P.S.
> Assign "*tree*" to this property to display items more densely **as a hierarchical structure**.

What does this addition tells us in this context? One thing is to force your items to occupy as less space as possible, while the other is to arrange the items into a hierarchy. What does this property do? Do the items occupy less space because they are hierarchically arranged or were they initially arranged into a hierarchy? This is not clear from your description.

Author: Surely the items are initially arranged into a hierarchy. All properties that we describe here relate only to visual representation of data and means of it organization. Let me show you the effect of this property: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/133969107-3331b801-ee81-4f4c-bcbf-cf8ae7cdf51c.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/133969116-4a88a75e-df06-4cbb-afa8-8d4bc372fdfd.png)

Reviewer 2: Alright, I see. Since this is a demo description, I believe we don't need to go into greater details in text. However, it's hard to figure out without visuals.

Author: Agree that it's hard to get it from text. But users can try the demo to see what happens, that's the point.

- [showTotalsPrior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#showTotalsPrior)        

> Specifies whether to show the total rows and columns before or after data. Applies only if **rowHeaderLayout** is *"standard"*.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand what is "before or after" data. What do you mean? A position at the top or bottom of your component or something else entirely?

Author: When this property is **false**:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/133969451-9631088c-3eda-4188-9dbb-253c1f124362.png)

when it is **true**, row totals are displayed above the data rows and to the left of columns:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/133969610-5afeaf65-1c15-4ade-96d4-b86b3eb15b33.png)

I will also change
>Applies only if **rowHeaderLayout** is *"standard"*.

to

>This property does not affect [row totals](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#showRowTotals) when **rowHeaderLayout** is *"tree"*.

Reviewer 2: OK, I see. I'm not really sure how to say this better... Maybe something like ... totals precede or follow data cells...

- [dataFieldArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea)     

> Specifies the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) to which data headers belong: *"column"* or *"row"*. Data headers appear only when pivot grid has more than one data field (`Sales` and `Percent` in this demo). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) to which data headers belong: *"column"* or *"row"*. Data headers appear only when the pivot grid has more than one data field (`Sales` and `Percent` in this demo). 
```

> PivotGrid allows users to customize layout and orientation of elements that annotate data. These elements are called [headers](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers). They can be row, column, or data headers. You can customize row and data headers. Use the following properties to configure headers: 

Reviewer: `showTotalsPrior` is not about headers.

Reviewer: I meant that the intro shouldn't focus on headers because it's only logical to include showTotalsPrior in the list.

Now you have another problem: four sentences in a row end with the same word "headers".

> PivotGrid allows users

It allows "you", the developer.

- [rowHeaderLayout](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#rowHeaderLayout)            

> Allows you to specify layout type for the row header items. The *"standard"* layout displays child items on the left from the parent items. Assign "*tree*" to this property to display items more compactly as a hierarchical structure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to specify layout type for the row header items. The *"standard"* layout displays child items on the right from the parent items. Assign "*tree*" to this property to display items more compactly as a hierarchical structure. 
```

- [showTotalsPrior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#showTotalsPrior)        

> Specifies whether to show the total rows and columns before or after data. Applies only if **rowHeaderLayout** is *"standard"*.

Reviewer: > Applies only if **rowHeaderLayout** is *"standard"*.

You can see from the demo that this isn't true.

- [dataFieldArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#dataFieldArea)     

> Specifies the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) to which data headers belong. This area can be *"column"* or *"row"*. Data headers appear only when pivot grid has more than one data field (`Sales` and `Percent` in this demo). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the [area](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#area) to which data headers belong: *"column"* or *"row"*. Data headers appear only when pivot grid has more than one data field (`Sales` and `Percent` in this demo). 
```

> 
> - [wordWrapEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#wordWrapEnabled)       
> Specifies whether to wrap long text in header items.

Reviewer: I don't think that this property is related to layout customization.

```suggestion
```
